David J. Hand	Data mining techniques use 'score functions' to quantify how well a model fits a given data set. Parameters are estimated by optimising the fit, as measured by the chosen score function, and model choice is guided by the size of the scores for the different models. Since different score functions ...	Mismatched models, wrong results, and dreadful decisions: on choosing appropriate data mining tools	NA	2009
Ted E. Senator	NA	Ongoing management and application of discovered knowledge in a large regulatory organization: a case study of the use and impact of NASD Regulation's Advanced Detection System (RADS)	NA	2000
Zhipeng Luo:Jianqiang Huang:Ke Hu:Xue Li:Peng Zhang	Since air pollution seriously affects human heath and daily life, the air quality prediction has attracted increasing attention and become an active and important research topic. In this paper, we present AccuAir, our winning solution to the KDD Cup 2018 of Fresh Air, where the proposed solution has won the ...	AccuAir: Winning Solution to Air Quality Prediction for KDD Cup 2018	NA	2019
Dan R. Preston:Carla E. Brodley:Roni Khardon:Damien Sulla-Menashe:Mark Friedl	Two aspects are crucial when constructing any real world supervised classification task: the set of classes whose distinction might be useful for the domain expert, and the set of classifications that can actually be distinguished by the data. Often a set of labels is defined with some initial intuition but ...	Redefining class definitions using constraint-based clustering: an application to remote sensing of the earth's surface	NA	2010
Seth Rogers:Pat Langley:Christopher Wilson	NA	Mining GPS data to augment road models	NA	1999
Hung-Ching (Justin) Chen:Malik Magdon-Ismail:Mark Goldberg:William A. Wallace	We present a machine learning approach to discovering the agent dynamics or micro-laws that drives the evolution of the social groups in a community. We set up the problem by introducing a parameterized probabilistic model for the agent dynamics: the acts of an agent are determined by micro-laws with unknown ...	Inferring agent dynamics from social communication network	NA	2007
Ingo Mierswa:Michael Wurst:Ralf Klinkenberg:Martin Scholz:Timm Euler	KDD is a complex and demanding task. While a large number of methods has been established for numerous problems, many challenges remain to be solved. New tasks emerge requiring the development of new methods or processing schemes. Like in software development, the development of such solutions demands for careful analysis, ...	YALE: rapid prototyping for complex data mining tasks	NA	2006
NA	The end of the 20th century saw an explosion of investment in connecting computer systems--within organizations, between organizations, and between organizations and individuals--and a corresponding explosion in the on-line collection of data. Now that we have entered the 21st century we face the problem of extracting useful knowledge from these ...	KDD '01: Proceedings of the seventh ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining	NA	2001
NA	NA	SNA-KDD '09: Proceedings of the 3rd Workshop on Social Network Mining and Analysis	NA	2009
Hillol Kargupta:Anupam Joshi	NA	Data mining "to go": ubiquitous KDD for mobile and distributed environments	NA	2001
Nan Du:Bin Wu:Xin Pei:Bai Wang:Liutong Xu	Recent years have seen that WWW is becoming a flourishing social media which enables individuals to easily share opinions, experiences and expertise at the push of a single button. With the pervasive usage of instant messaging systems and the fundamental shift in the ease of publishing content, social network researchers ...	Community detection in large-scale social networks	NA	2007
Christopher L. Carmichael:Carson Kai-Sang Leung	Numerous algorithms have been proposed since the introduction of the research problem of frequent pattern mining. Such a research problem has played an essential role in many knowledge discovery and data mining (KDD) tasks. Most of the proposed frequent pattern mining algorithms return the mined results in the form of ...	CloseViz: visualizing useful patterns	NA	2010
Brad Husick:Rudieger Wirth:Robert Grossman:Usama Fayyad:Erik Thomsen	NA	KDD process standards (panel session) (title only)	NA	2000
Kristina Lerman	The rise of social media sites, such as blogs, wikis, Digg and Flickr among others, underscores a transformation of the Web to a participatory medium in which users are actively creating, evaluating and distributing information. The social news aggregator Digg allows users to submit links to and vote on news ...	Dynamics of collaborative document rating systems	NA	2007
NA	The first generation of the World Wide Web has been characterized by the interaction between the user and the medium: Web sites offer information and services; new applications and even new business models emerged for institutions that offer a better information search experience, more well-informed purchase decisions and, more recently, ...	WebKDD/SNA-KDD '07: Proceedings of the 9th WebKDD and 1st SNA-KDD 2007 workshop on Web mining and social network analysis	NA	2007
Francesco Bonchi:Elena Ferrari:Bradley Malin:Yucel Saygin	NA	First ACM SIGKDD International Workshop on Privacy, Security, and Trust in KDD	NA	2007
Eric Haseltine	During initial development, KDD solutions often focus heavily on algorithms, architectures, software, hardware, and systems engineering challenges, without first thoroughly exploring how end-users will employ the new KDD technology. As a result of such "system-centered" design, many useless features are implemented that prolong development and significantly add to life cycle ...	User-centered design for KDD	NA	2004
Jerry Scripps:Pang-Ning Tan:Abdol-Hossein Esfahanian	A node role is a subjective characterization of the part it plays in a network structure. Knowing the role of a node is important for many link mining applications. For example, in Web search, nodes that are deemed to be authorities on a given topic are often found to be ...	Node roles and community structure in networks	NA	2007
NA	KDD-2004, the Tenth ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, is being held in Seattle, Washington, U.S.A., on August 22-25, 2004, with an optional day trip to Rainier National Park on August 26. KDD provides a forum for academic researchers and industry and government innovators to share ...	KDD '04: Proceedings of the tenth ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining	NA	2004
David Blei	Probabilistic topic modeling provides a suite of tools for the unsupervised analysis of large collections of documents. Topic modeling algorithms can uncover the underlying themes of a collection and decompose its documents according to those themes. This analysis can be used for corpus exploration, document search, and a variety of ...	Probabilistic topic models	NA	2011
Jure Leskovec	Online social media represent a fundamental shift of how information is being produced, transferred and consumed. The present tutorial investigates techniques for social media modeling, analytics and optimization. First we present methods for collecting large scale social media data and then discuss techniques for coping with and correcting for the ...	Social media analytics	NA	2011
Michael Zeller:Robert Grossman:Christoph Lingenfelder:Michael R. Berthold:Erik Marcade:Rick Pechter:Mike Hoskins:Wayne Thompson:Rich Holada	At KDD-2009 in Paris, a panel on open standards and cloud computing addressed emerging trends for data mining applications in science and industry. This report summarizes the answers from a distinguished group of thought leaders representing key software vendors in the data mining industry. Supporting open standards and the Predictive ...	Open standards and cloud computing: KDD-2009 panel report	NA	2009
H. Kauderer:G. Nakhaeizadeh:F. Artiles:H. Jeromin	NA	Optimization of collection efforts in automobile financing—a KDD supported environment	NA	1999
Myra Spiliopoulou:Pedro Pereira Rodrigues:Ernestina Menasalvas	In year 2015, we experience a proliferation of scientific publications, conferences and funding programs on KDD for medicine and healthcare. However, medical scholars and practitioners work differently from KDD researchers: their research is mostly hypothesis-driven, not data-driven. KDD researchers need to understand how medical researchers and practitioners work, what questions ...	Medical Mining: KDD 2015 Tutorial	NA	2015
NA	NA	Session details: Research track 21: KDD methodology	NA	2010
Bing Liu:James Bennett:Charles Elkan:Padhraic Smyth:Domonkos Tikk	NA	KDD Cup and Workshop 2007	NA	2007
Aristides Gionis:Charalampos E. Tsourakakis	Finding dense subgraphs is a fundamental graph-theoretic problem, that lies in the heart of numerous graph-mining applications, ranging from finding communities in social networks, to detecting regulatory motifs in DNA, and to identifying real-time stories in news. The problem of finding dense subgraphs has been studied extensively in theoretical computer ...	Dense Subgraph Discovery: KDD 2015 tutorial	NA	2015
Osmar R. Zaiane:Jiyang Chen:Randy Goebel	Extracting information from large collections of structured, semi-structured or even unstructured data can be a considerable challenge when much of the hidden information is implicit within relationships among entities within the data. Social networks are such data collections in which relationships play a vital role in the knowledge these networks ...	DBconnect: mining research community on DBLP data	NA	2007
Corinna Cortes:Daryl Pregibon	NA	Information mining platforms: an infrastructure for KDD rapid deployment	NA	1999
TuBao Ho:TrongDung Nguyen:DungDuc Nguyen	Viewing knowledge discovery as a user-centered process that requires an effective collaboration between the user and the discovery system, our work aims to support an active role of the user in that process by developing synergistic visualization tools integrated in our discovery system D2MS. These tools provide an ability of ...	Visualization support for a user-centered KDD process	NA	2002
Smriti Bhagat:Irina Rozenbaum:Graham Cormode	In analyzing data from social and communication networks, we encounter the problem of classifying objects where there is an explicit link structure amongst the objects. We study the problem of inferring the classification of all the objects from a labeled subset, using only the link-based information amongst the objects. We ...	Applying link-based classification to label blogs	NA	2007
Antoine Bordes:Evgeniy Gabrilovich	Recent years have witnessed a proliferation of large-scale knowledge graphs, such as Freebase, YAGO, Google's Knowledge Graph, and Microsoft's Satori. Whereas there is a large body of research on mining homogeneous graphs, this new generation of information networks are highly heterogeneous, with thousands of entity and relation types and billions ...	Constructing and mining web-scale knowledge graphs: KDD 2014 tutorial	NA	2014
Prabhakar Raghavan	We propose a notion of incentive networks, modeling online settings in which multiple participants in a network help each other find information. Within this general setting, we study query incentive networks, a natural abstraction of question-answering systems with rewards for finding answers. We analyze strategic behavior in such networks and ...	Incentive networks	NA	2005
Kenichi YOSHIDA:Fuminori ADACHI:Takashi WASHIO:Hiroshi MOTODA:Teruaki HOMMA:Akihiro NAKASHIMA:Hiromitsu FUJIKAWA:Katsuyuki YAMAZAKI	The volume of mass unsolicited electronic mail, often known as spam, has recently increased enormously and has become a serious threat to not only the Internet but also to society. This paper proposes a new spam detection method which uses document space density information. Although it requires extensive e-mail traffic ...	Density-based spam detector	NA	2004
Arne Koopman:Arno Siebes	Research in relational data mining has two major directions: finding global models of a relational database and the discovery of local relational patterns within a database. While relational patterns show how attribute values co-occur in detail, their huge numbers hamper their usage in data analysis. Global models, on the other ...	Characteristic relational patterns	NA	2009
Chad Cumby:Rayid Ghani	This paper describes a framework and algorithms for ensuring a specified level of privacy in text data sets. Recent work has attempted to quantify the likelihood of privacy breaches for text data. We build on these notions to provide a means of controlling such breaches, couched in a multi-class classification ...	Inference control to protect sensitive information in text documents	NA	2010
Ashish Gupta:Neera Agarwal	Recently we have seen emergence and huge adoption of social media, internet of things for home, industrial internet of things, mobile applications and online transactions. These systems generate streaming data at very large scale. Building technologies and distributed systems that can capture, process and analyze this streaming data in real ...	Streaming Analytics	NA	2016
Minghua Zhang:Wynne Hsu:Mong Li Lee	Many real world objects have states that change over time. By tracking the state sequences of these objects, we can study their behavior and take preventive measures before they reach some undesirable states. In this paper, we propose a new kind of pattern called progressive confident rules to describe sequences ...	Mining progressive confident rules	NA	2006
Jaewoo Lee:Chris Clifton	A key challenge in privacy-preserving data mining is ensuring that a data mining result does not inherently violate privacy. ε-Differential Privacy appears to provide a solution to this problem. However, there are no clear guidelines on how to set ε to satisfy a privacy policy. We give an alternate formulation, ...	Differential identifiability	NA	2012
Aristides Gionis:Teija Kujala:Heikki Mannila	High-dimensional collections of 0--1 data occur in many applications. The attributes in such data sets are typically considered to be unordered. However, in many cases there is a natural total or partial order ≺ underlying the variables of the data set. Examples of variables for which such orders exist include ...	Fragments of order	NA	2003
Zhengping Che:David Kale:Wenzhe Li:Mohammad Taha Bahadori:Yan Liu	We apply deep learning to the problem of discovery and detection of characteristic patterns of physiology in clinical time series data. We propose two novel modifications to standard neural net training that address challenges and exploit properties that are peculiar, if not exclusive, to medical data. First, we examine a ...	Deep Computational Phenotyping	NA	2015
Jairam Ranganathan	Advances in supervised machine learning have frequently been fueled by access to large-scale labeled data. In business, however, natural labels may not exist. In these cases, a common industry playbook involves using manual, human annotation to label enough data points in order to train a model. This paper describes a ...	Spinning the AI Pinwheel	NA	2019
Ya Xu	I plan to talk about a few big challenges we have at LinkedIn in the space of Data Science. The ones coming to my mind are (1) Measuring long-term impact; (2) Learning while preserving privacy; (3) Fairness. I can also touch upon productivity and efficiency -- which is a very ...	Data Science Challenges @ LinkedIn	NA	2019
Laurent Amsaleg:Oussama Chelly:Teddy Furon:Stéphane Girard:Michael E. Houle:Ken-ichi Kawarabayashi:Michael Nett	This paper is concerned with the estimation of a local measure of intrinsic dimensionality (ID) recently proposed by Houle. The local model can be regarded as an extension of Karger and Ruhl's expansion dimension to a statistical setting in which the distribution of distances to a query point is modeled ...	Estimating Local Intrinsic Dimensionality	NA	2015
Yi Tay:Luu Anh Tuan:Siu Cheung Hui	Attention is typically used to select informative sub-phrases that are used for prediction. This paper investigates the novel use of attention as a form of feature augmentation, i.e, casted attention. We propose Multi-Cast Attention Networks (MCAN), a new attention mechanism and general model architecture for a potpourri of ranking tasks ...	Multi-Cast Attention Networks	NA	2018
Francesco Bonchi:Aristides Gionis:Francesco Gullo:Antti Ukkonen	We study a novel clustering problem in which the pairwise relations between objects are categorical . This problem can be viewed as clustering the vertices of a graph whose edges are of different types ( colors ). We introduce an objective function that aims at partitioning the graph such that ...	Chromatic correlation clustering	NA	2012
Ben Tan:Yangqiu Song:Erheng Zhong:Qiang Yang	Transfer learning, which leverages knowledge from source domains to enhance learning ability in a target domain, has been proven effective in various applications. One major limitation of transfer learning is that the source and target domains should be directly related. If there is little overlap between the two domains, performing ...	Transitive Transfer Learning	NA	2015
Deepayan Chakrabarti:Ravi Kumar:Andrew Tomkins	We consider the problem of clustering data over time. An evolutionary clustering should simultaneously optimize two potentially conflicting criteria: first, the clustering at any point in time should remain faithful to the current data as much as possible; and second, the clustering should not shift dramatically from one timestep to ...	Evolutionary clustering	NA	2006
Theodoros Evgeniou:Massimiliano Pontil	Past empirical work has shown that learning multiple related tasks from data simultaneously can be advantageous in terms of predictive performance relative to learning these tasks independently. In this paper we present an approach to multi--task learning based on the minimization of regularization functionals similar to existing ones, such as ...	Regularized multi--task learning	NA	2004
Zhixiang Xu:Gao Huang:Kilian Q. Weinberger:Alice X. Zheng	A feature selection algorithm should ideally satisfy four conditions: reliably extract relevant features; be able to identify non-linear feature interactions; scale linearly with the number of features and dimensions; allow the incorporation of known sparsity structure. In this work we propose a novel feature selection algorithm, Gradient Boosted Feature Selection ...	Gradient boosted feature selection	NA	2014
Anirban Dasgupta:Ravi Kumar:Tamas Sarlos	Locality-sensitive hashing (LSH) is a basic primitive in several large-scale data processing applications, including nearest-neighbor search, de-duplication, clustering, etc. In this paper we propose a new and simple method to speed up the widely-used Euclidean realization of LSH. At the heart of our method is a fast way to estimate ...	Fast locality-sensitive hashing	NA	2011
Madhav V. Marathe:Anil Kumar S. Vullikanti	As recent pandemics such as SARS and the Swine Flu outbreak have shown, diseases spread very fast in today's interconnected world, making public health an important research area. Some of the basic questions are: How can an outbreak be contained before it becomes an epidemic, and what disease surveillance strategies ...	Computational epidemiology	NA	2014
Chaitanya Manapragada:Geoffrey I. Webb:Mahsa Salehi	We introduce a novel incremental decision tree learning algorithm, Hoeffding Anytime Tree, that is statistically more efficient than the current state-of-the-art, Hoeffding Tree. We demonstrate that an implementation of Hoeffding Anytime Tree---"Extremely Fast Decision Tree'', a minor modification to the MOA implementation of Hoeffding Tree---obtains significantly superior prequential accuracy on ...	Extremely Fast Decision Tree	NA	2018
Keith Funkhouser:Matthew Malloy:Enis Ceyhun Alp:Phillip Poon:Paul Barford	Datasets that organize and associate the many identifiers produced by PCs, smartphones, and tablets accessing the internet are referred to as internet device graphs . In this paper, we demonstrate how measurement, tracking, and other internet entities can associate multiple identifiers with a single device or user after coarse associations, ...	Device Graphing by Example	NA	2018
Polina Rozenshtein:Aristides Gionis	Networks (or graphs) are used to represent and analyze large datasets of objects and their relations. Naturally, real-world networks have a temporal component: for instance, interactions between objects have a timestamp and a duration. In this tutorial we present models and algorithms for mining temporal networks, i.e., network data with ...	Mining Temporal Networks	NA	2019
NA	Computer supported communication and infrastructure are integral parts of modern economy. Their security is of incredible importance to a wide variety of practical domains ranging from Internet service providers to the banking industry and e-commerce, from corporate networks to the intelligence community. The CSI-KDD workshop focuses on novel knowledge discovery ...	CSI-KDD '09: Proceedings of the ACM SIGKDD Workshop on CyberSecurity and Intelligence Informatics	NA	2009
NA	It is our great pleasure to welcome you to the 11 th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining -- KDD'05 . The KDD conferences provide a forum for novel research results and interesting applications in the areas of data mining and knowledge discovery. The conference series ...	KDD '05: Proceedings of the eleventh ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery in data mining	NA	2005
NA	NA	KDD '11 Tutorials: Proceedings of the 17th ACM SIGKDD International Conference Tutorials	NA	2011
NA	It is our great pleasure to welcome you to the Fifteenth ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD'09) . This year is special in that it marks the first time that KDD is held in Europe, and where better to host it than beautiful Paris! As ...	KDD '09: Proceedings of the 15th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining	NA	2009
NA	It is our great pleasure to welcome you to the 2017 ACM Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining -- KDD 2017. We hope that the content and the professional networking opportunities at KDD 2017 will help you to succeed professionally by enabling you to: identify new technology trends; learn ...	KDD '17: Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining	NA	2017
Cynthia Dwork	Data, algorithms, and systems have biases embedded within them reflecting designers' explicit and implicit choices, historical biases, and societal priorities. They form, literally and inexorably, a codification of values. "Unfairness" of algorithms -- for tasks ranging from advertising to recidivism prediction -- has attracted considerable attention in the popular press. ...	What's Fair?	NA	2017
Lei Zhang:Shupeng Wang:Xiaoyu Zhang:Yong Wang:Binbin Li:Dinggang Shen:Shuiwang Ji	In multi-view learning applications, like multimedia analysis and information retrieval, we often encounter the corrupted view problem in which the data are corrupted by two different types of noises, i.e., the intra- and inter-view noises. The noises may affect these applications that commonly acquire complementary representations from different views. Therefore, ...	Collaborative Multi-View Denoising	NA	2016
Aleksandar Lazarevic:Zoran Obradovic	In this paper, we propose a general framework for distributed boosting intended for efficient integrating specialized classifiers learned over very large and distributed homogeneous databases that cannot be merged at a single location. Our distributed boosting algorithm can also be used as a parallel classification technique, where a massive database ...	The distributed boosting algorithm	NA	2001
Keqian Li:Wei Lu:Smriti Bhagat:Laks V.S. Lakshmanan:Cong Yu	Online platforms, such as Meetup and Plancast, have recently become popular for planning gatherings and event organization. However, there is a surprising lack of studies on how to effectively and efficiently organize social events for a large group of people through such platforms. In this paper, we study the key ...	On social event organization	NA	2014
Joseph Sirosh	Several exciting trends are driving the birth of the intelligent cloud. The vast majority of world's data is now connected data resident in the cloud. The majority of world's new software is now connected software, also resident in or using the cloud. New cloud based Machine Learning as a Service ...	Clouded Intelligence	NA	2015
Ye Chen:Dmitry Pavlov:John F. Canny	Behavioral targeting (BT) leverages historical user behavior to select the ads most relevant to users to display. The state-of-the-art of BT derives a linear Poisson regression model from fine-grained user behavioral data and predicts click-through rate (CTR) from user history. We designed and implemented a highly scalable and efficient solution ...	Large-scale behavioral targeting	NA	2009
Saara Hyvönen:Pauli Miettinen:Evimaria Terzi	A matrix decomposition expresses a matrix as a product of at least two factor matrices. Equivalently, it expresses each column of the input matrix as a linear combination of the columns in the first factor matrix. The interpretability of the decompositions is a key issue in many data-analysis tasks. We ...	Interpretable nonnegative matrix decompositions	NA	2008
Caleb C. Noble:Diane J. Cook	Anomaly detection is an area that has received much attention in recent years. It has a wide variety of applications, including fraud detection and network intrusion detection. A good deal of research has been performed in this area, often using strings or attribute-value data as the medium from which anomalies ...	Graph-based anomaly detection	NA	2003
Parikshit Ram:Alexander G. Gray	In this paper we develop density estimation trees (DETs), the natural analog of classification trees and regression trees, for the task of density estimation. We consider the estimation of a joint probability density function of a d-dimensional random vector X and define a piecewise constant estimator structured as a decision ...	Density estimation trees	NA	2011
Raymond Chi-Wing Wong:Jian Pei:Ada Wai-Chee Fu:Ke Wang	The importance of dominance and skyline analysis has been well recognized in multi-criteria decision making applications. Most previous studies assume a fixed order on the attributes. In practice, different customers may have different preferences on nominal attributes. In this paper, we identify an interesting data mining problem, finding favorable facets ...	Mining favorable facets	NA	2007
Anamitra Makur:Govindarajan Sridharan	In this work recovery of text documents is addressed. Text documents are watermarked using pixel flipping based watermarking and self-embedding for not only authentication but eventual recovery in presence of tampering. A scheme is proposed that recovers against all possible editing attacks such as substitution, insertion and deletion of characters. ...	Watermark based recovery of tampered documents	NA	2012
Hongchang Gao:Heng Huang	Network embedding has attracted increasing attention in recent data mining research with many real-world applications. Network embedding is to learn low-dimensional representations for nodes in a network. A popular kind of existing methods, such as DeepWalk, Node2Vec, and LINE, learn node representations by pushing positive context node to the anchor ...	Self-Paced Network Embedding	NA	2018
Donghui Yan:Ling Huang:Michael I. Jordan	Spectral clustering refers to a flexible class of clustering procedures that can produce high-quality clusterings on small data sets but which has limited applicability to large-scale problems due to its computational complexity of O ( n 3 ) in general, with n the number of data points. We extend the ...	Fast approximate spectral clustering	NA	2009
Arvind Agarwal:Jeff M. Phillips:Suresh Venkatasubramanian	In this paper, we propose a unified algorithmic framework for solving many known variants of MDS. Our algorithm is a simple iterative scheme with guaranteed convergence, and is modular; by changing the internals of a single subroutine in the algorithm, we can switch cost functions and target spaces easily. In ...	Universal multi-dimensional scaling	NA	2010
Anes Bendimerad:Jefrey Lijffijt:Marc Plantevit:Céline Robardet:Tijl De Bie	Concepts are often described in terms of positive integer-valued attributes that are organized in a hierarchy. For example, cities can be described in terms of how many places there are of various types (e.g. nightlife spots, residences, food venues), and these places are organized in a hierarchy (e.g. a Portuguese ...	Contrastive Antichains in Hierarchies	NA	2019
Siyu Lei:Silviu Maniu:Luyi Mo:Reynold Cheng:Pierre Senellart	Social networks are commonly used for marketing purposes. For example, free samples of a product can be given to a few influential social network users (or seed nodes), with the hope that they will convince their friends to buy it. One way to formalize this objective is through the problem ...	Online Influence Maximization	NA	2015
Kristen LeFevre:David J. DeWitt:Raghu Ramakrishnan	Protecting data privacy is an important problem in microdata distribution. Anonymization algorithms typically aim to protect individual privacy, with minimal impact on the quality of the resulting data. While the bulk of previous work has measured quality through one-size-fits-all measures, we argue that quality is best judged with respect to ...	Workload-aware anonymization	NA	2006
Akshay Java:Xiaodan Song:Tim Finin:Belle Tseng	Microblogging is a new form of communication in which users can describe their current status in short posts distributed by instant messages, mobile phones, email or the Web. Twitter, a popular microblogging tool has seen a lot of growth since it launched in October, 2006. In this paper, we present ...	Why we twitter: understanding microblogging usage and communities	NA	2007
NA	NA	KDD '99: Tutorial notes of the fifth ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining	NA	1999
John Langford:Alina Beygelzimer	NA	Learning through exploration	NA	2010
Cynthia Dwork	Data, algorithms, and systems have biases embedded within them reflecting designers' explicit and implicit choices, historical biases, and societal priorities. They form, literally and inexorably, a codification of values. "Unfairness" of algorithms -- for tasks ranging from advertising to recidivism prediction -- has attracted considerable attention in the popular press. ...	What's Fair?	NA	2017
Keqian Li:Wei Lu:Smriti Bhagat:Laks V.S. Lakshmanan:Cong Yu	Online platforms, such as Meetup and Plancast, have recently become popular for planning gatherings and event organization. However, there is a surprising lack of studies on how to effectively and efficiently organize social events for a large group of people through such platforms. In this paper, we study the key ...	On social event organization	NA	2014
Aleksandar Lazarevic:Zoran Obradovic	In this paper, we propose a general framework for distributed boosting intended for efficient integrating specialized classifiers learned over very large and distributed homogeneous databases that cannot be merged at a single location. Our distributed boosting algorithm can also be used as a parallel classification technique, where a massive database ...	The distributed boosting algorithm	NA	2001
Raymond Chi-Wing Wong:Jian Pei:Ada Wai-Chee Fu:Ke Wang	The importance of dominance and skyline analysis has been well recognized in multi-criteria decision making applications. Most previous studies assume a fixed order on the attributes. In practice, different customers may have different preferences on nominal attributes. In this paper, we identify an interesting data mining problem, finding favorable facets ...	Mining favorable facets	NA	2007
Anamitra Makur:Govindarajan Sridharan	In this work recovery of text documents is addressed. Text documents are watermarked using pixel flipping based watermarking and self-embedding for not only authentication but eventual recovery in presence of tampering. A scheme is proposed that recovers against all possible editing attacks such as substitution, insertion and deletion of characters. ...	Watermark based recovery of tampered documents	NA	2012
Parikshit Ram:Alexander G. Gray	In this paper we develop density estimation trees (DETs), the natural analog of classification trees and regression trees, for the task of density estimation. We consider the estimation of a joint probability density function of a d-dimensional random vector X and define a piecewise constant estimator structured as a decision ...	Density estimation trees	NA	2011
Ye Chen:Dmitry Pavlov:John F. Canny	Behavioral targeting (BT) leverages historical user behavior to select the ads most relevant to users to display. The state-of-the-art of BT derives a linear Poisson regression model from fine-grained user behavioral data and predicts click-through rate (CTR) from user history. We designed and implemented a highly scalable and efficient solution ...	Large-scale behavioral targeting	NA	2009
Hongchang Gao:Heng Huang	Network embedding has attracted increasing attention in recent data mining research with many real-world applications. Network embedding is to learn low-dimensional representations for nodes in a network. A popular kind of existing methods, such as DeepWalk, Node2Vec, and LINE, learn node representations by pushing positive context node to the anchor ...	Self-Paced Network Embedding	NA	2018
Caleb C. Noble:Diane J. Cook	Anomaly detection is an area that has received much attention in recent years. It has a wide variety of applications, including fraud detection and network intrusion detection. A good deal of research has been performed in this area, often using strings or attribute-value data as the medium from which anomalies ...	Graph-based anomaly detection	NA	2003
Saara Hyvönen:Pauli Miettinen:Evimaria Terzi	A matrix decomposition expresses a matrix as a product of at least two factor matrices. Equivalently, it expresses each column of the input matrix as a linear combination of the columns in the first factor matrix. The interpretability of the decompositions is a key issue in many data-analysis tasks. We ...	Interpretable nonnegative matrix decompositions	NA	2008
Arvind Agarwal:Jeff M. Phillips:Suresh Venkatasubramanian	In this paper, we propose a unified algorithmic framework for solving many known variants of MDS. Our algorithm is a simple iterative scheme with guaranteed convergence, and is modular; by changing the internals of a single subroutine in the algorithm, we can switch cost functions and target spaces easily. In ...	Universal multi-dimensional scaling	NA	2010
Anes Bendimerad:Jefrey Lijffijt:Marc Plantevit:Céline Robardet:Tijl De Bie	Concepts are often described in terms of positive integer-valued attributes that are organized in a hierarchy. For example, cities can be described in terms of how many places there are of various types (e.g. nightlife spots, residences, food venues), and these places are organized in a hierarchy (e.g. a Portuguese ...	Contrastive Antichains in Hierarchies	NA	2019
Donghui Yan:Ling Huang:Michael I. Jordan	Spectral clustering refers to a flexible class of clustering procedures that can produce high-quality clusterings on small data sets but which has limited applicability to large-scale problems due to its computational complexity of O ( n 3 ) in general, with n the number of data points. We extend the ...	Fast approximate spectral clustering	NA	2009
Kristen LeFevre:David J. DeWitt:Raghu Ramakrishnan	Protecting data privacy is an important problem in microdata distribution. Anonymization algorithms typically aim to protect individual privacy, with minimal impact on the quality of the resulting data. While the bulk of previous work has measured quality through one-size-fits-all measures, we argue that quality is best judged with respect to ...	Workload-aware anonymization	NA	2006
Siyu Lei:Silviu Maniu:Luyi Mo:Reynold Cheng:Pierre Senellart	Social networks are commonly used for marketing purposes. For example, free samples of a product can be given to a few influential social network users (or seed nodes), with the hope that they will convince their friends to buy it. One way to formalize this objective is through the problem ...	Online Influence Maximization	NA	2015
NA	NA	KDD '99: Proceedings of the fifth ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining	NA	1999
NA	Our society as we know it, is going through a fundamental digital transformation. Fueling this transformation is the insights we gain from data in service of one and in service of all. We are holding the future in our hands and therefore share both the excitement and the responsibility of ...	KDD '19: Proceedings of the 25th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery & Data Mining	NA	2019
NA	The KDD conference has seen remarkable growth since its origins as an IJCAI workshop in Detroit in 1989, evolving into a full-fledged research conference in 1995, underscoring the important role data mining as a field has played in extracting knowledge and actionable insights from vast troves of data that is ...	KDD '12: Proceedings of the 18th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining	NA	2012
NA	KDD-2003, the Ninth ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, was held in Washington, DC, U.S.A., on August 24-27, 2003. KDD is the leading international forum for the exchange of research results and practical experience in field of knowledge discovery and data mining. As the mountains of ...	KDD '03: Proceedings of the ninth ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining	NA	2003
NA	It is our great pleasure to welcome you to the 20th ACM SIGKDD Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD). The annual ACM SIGKDD conference is the premier international forum for data science, data mining, knowledge discovery and big data. It brings together researchers and practitioners from academia, industry, ...	KDD '14: Proceedings of the 20th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining	NA	2014
